how is a fatherhood going for you
enjoying fatherhood I do enjoy it it's
difficult it gets easier though it's one
of those things that gets easier I had a
dog once and that doesn't get easier it
does it it's harder having a dog because
children develop and dogs just stay dumb
and they never figure it out huh and
when your Duff yeah I don't know if we
ever had a dog that's had a medical
problem but you can't get their
cooperation when you need to help them
because you can't see them you know you
have this problem you see yeah I had
this dog when I took my dog to the bed
the first time she was a I don't know a
year old when I adopt her and the vet
told me don't let your dog eat dark
chocolate I don't know if you know this
but I've heard this that yeah it's a
dark chocolate I supposed to be poisoned
a dog kills him and vets won't explain
it further either it's like why does it
kill him oh just say die like they won't
tell you what like what do I do if my
dog eats dark chocolate watch her die or
leave the room
but the vet did tell me there's one
thing you can do which is give your dog
hydrogen peroxide and that foams up in
the dog's belly and then they throw it
up with the chocolate that's what you
should know to do that but you got to do
it quickly before they ingest the
chocolate all right so I come home like
six months later sure enough my dog eats
our chocolate I had friends would stayed
over and they didn't know they left dark
chocolate in low places right which is
very pop is a good place for it yes
I could put it on this high shelf but I
think not I may be crawling on the floor
later might not need a snack so what so
you know my dog and your dog eating a
whole big bar of dark job polish
chocolate the Polish part doesn't matter
but I like saying Polish chocolate and
my dog had chocolate on her face and and
I went oh my god and she looked at me
like I was home for an hour alone what
are you gonna you know come on and I was
like you're gonna die and she's looking
at me like I don't understand English
but I get that you're upset and it's
something I gotta get hydrogen peroxide
into this dog but I don't have any so
I've got to go to the pharmacy and she
needs to come with me cuz there's no
time I'm in New York City and I take my
I put the leash on her she's like
excited we're going for a walk and I'm
running and she's like this is great for
you you never exercises she's just
enjoying it and then we get to the
pharmacy and she's waiting for me when I
come out and I've got a bottle of
hydrogen peroxide that I have to make
her drink yeah like take yourself
through that how do you make a dog like
you just here drink this
you know so I kind of pour a little in
her snout and she goes like that and so
I kind of grabbed her and I pour them
once she goes I think I was pretty clear
that I didn't like that like she looks
at me like she's trying to figure out
what's going on here and so I get my
whole body around her this dog was 70
pounds here's like an alligator if she
didn't want a drink from her she's just
thrashing on my trinket and at one point
I have her on the end of the leash and
she's looking at me all wet on the face
and she gives me this look like I don't
know what happened to you but our thing
is over
I'm a dog and she starts going her and
she became completely vicious just
trying to bite me and I'm trying to save
her life
yeah so I'm literally I'm punching her
in the face splashing this stuff I'm
gonna open a bush kicking her in the
stomach and people I look and there's
hundreds of people in the sidewalk just
horrified yeah
cars stopping their market easily she's
gonna die I'm gonna get was a nightmare
if finally I got enough in her up her
nose and whatever and she was like dude
just huh
and then she just like a pump just blew
and just brand head yeah Brown like
she's like another dog is coming out of
her and she made it but she never liked
me after that because from her point of
view I just went no wet nuts
I lost my reason we have to take a
commercial break more with louis c.k in
just a second stick around
you